Add link to Cilium community teams repo, re-organize the order (#46)
cilium/design-cfps: README.md

To create a CFP, it is recommended to use the `CFP-003-template.md`
file as an outline. The structure of this template is meant to provide a starting
point for people. Feel free to edit and modify your outline to best fit your
needs when creating a proposal.

Many design docs also begin their life as a Google doc or other shareable
file for easy commenting and editing when still in the early stages of discussion.

> Once your proposal is done, submit it as a PR to the design-cfps folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once your proposal is ready, submit it as a PR to the design-cfps folder for the project it is for.
```

Author: hmm, there aren't any designated folders, they are just all under the `cilium` folder

Reviewer: I was thinking that each project would have its own folder. It just hasn't happened yet since there haven't been CfPs for hubble or tetragon yet

Author: ah gotcha - in that case, until the folders are made, i think we should keep it as is, make the change to the wording once they are present?

Reviewer: Maybe we can just add the folders in this PR too?
